American Graffiti their unit 62
[Music]
grab that special one and jump into your
candy colored customer and I bet you're
smart enough to get us sent through a
ballpoint pen got an ID from the liquor
left together before oh well I I also I
forgot the car
we're finally getting out of this turkey
camp you just can't stay seventeen
forever
[Music]
I had a boyfriend he
aha
go to hell
[Music]
get your balloons out baby
is everywhere you know Toby Juarez we
killed him last night
[Music]
[Applause]
instead of an I can dig it
it's one of those great old movies about
romance racing and rock and roll Oh
making defeating
[Music]
American Graffiti
where were you in sista tune